[Music]
all right so a bunch of really cool
laptops just got announced at Computex
we should be seeing these things over
the next couple of months
some of them sooner than that I thought
I'd just go through some of them and
give you my thoughts and opinions on
them the one that is most interesting to
me and I think this is actually one of
the coolest laptops I've seen in a very
long time is the new Asus Zenbook pro
duo this is a laptop that now has two
screens the secondary screen is smaller
and it's located on like the keyboard
deck but we've seen attempts at this
type of technology right some kind of
like second screen with functionality
when the MacBook Pro did it in 2016 I
call the read the beginning I was like I
really don't see this thing being
particularly useful and then Asus last
year did a secondary screen in the
touchpad or trackpad area of their Zen
book Pro and I commented in that review
about how as interesting as it was and
how it was a better version of a
secondary screen than the MacBook it
still wasn't like super obvious as to
how people would use it right it was
still something that I thought would
have to develop over time but this new
implementation on the Zen book produ is
I think they crush and I honestly don't
even think Asus recognizes how useful it
is they're talking about how like
there's first party apps that they're
working on or how developers can create
custom UIs for that extra real estate
forget all of that the moment you need a
developer to go out of their way to
create some functionality for an app
like that's stupid the reason why this
screen is so awesome is that it's
immediately intuitive as to exactly how
you would want to use it everyone's
gonna have a different usage case right
if your streamer you're gonna use it a
different way if you're a content
creator if you're a writer if you're
doing whoever looks at the screen can
already imagine how they would use it if
they can actually make use out of it
like for me personally I'd find like two
or three fantastic uses out of it it's
obviously not for everyone but this is
by far the best implementation of a
secondary screen we've ever seen on a
laptop and they've done a really good
job at it they've basically added 25 or
30% more screen space to your laptop
experience and it's like usable screen
space right it's not just like
widescreen stuff for content consumption
its productivity space like the vertical
stuff which is you don't get that on
laptops and now they can deliver that
now there are a couple issues that come
up with design like Asus developed the
I mean this is their zephyrus product
but they've done the whole keyboard
shift down like the Zen Book Pro duo and
when you do that you have a slightly
awkward keyboard typing experience like
it's something you can get used to but
it's not like a traditional laptop with
a wrist rest and you also have your
trackpad on the right which is something
that again I think most people can't use
to and because of what the Zen book
produ offers I feel like that shift is
totally worth it but the problem is
thermal management when you shift the
keys down like this on the Zephyrus you
get way better airflow on the hottest
components like the CPU and the GPU are
located right on the top here and
because the keyboard is no longer in the
way you get unobstructed or less
obstructed airflow going to cool off the
components on this Zen book Pro duo
because they have a screen there you are
just inherently restricting airflow
through the top of the device it does
have the ergo lift design just like this
so you can get better airflow underneath
the laptop but it is a thermally
restrictive design super cool and I'm
like I'm more excited about that product
than anything else I've seen this year I
want to get one into the studio as soon
as I can but yeah that thing looks
awesome the second thing I want to talk
about are the Alienware devices that are
shown the new em 15 and em 17 these are
fully revamped they look very much like
the area 51 em in terms of design
language normally I prefer my laptops to
look relatively clean and simple I like
the way that the razor blades look but
there's something about the design
language of those new alien wares that
just does it for me and both of these
laptops are supposed to be running the
new thermal system so the same kind of
thermal design that we saw in the area
of 51m a very well cooled and well
thought out system so hopefully the
performance on these two new alien wars
are gonna be awesome now I also want to
talk about the screens just gonna bring
this in real quick this is a Alienware
m15 that we saw like this is a previous
generation but this is running their new
OLED panel now I got this 13 days ago
and the moment I got it well the day
after I got it I turn this thing on set
the background to white and I put one
black icon right in the middle of it
hoping to simulate burnin
I just checked this thing before I film
this video there's no burnin 12 days
running with the screen at max
brightness with no screensaver no
nothing white background black icon and
I'm gonna shift AddThis away I expected
to see some kind of visual artifact or
something
nothing super clean now that doesn't
mean that there's no burnin on this I
think the nature of OLED panels the
nature of OLED panels makes them have
some degree of visual wear over time but
I can't notice it and I also noticed
this as well on the alien were 13 like
the very first OLED panel laptop that
ever did a review on in 2016 I believe
after a year and a half of use none of
that thing when I checked it and I did
another long burnin test like this as
well didn't notice a thing so that's not
to say that there's no burnin at all I
do believe in it with enough use there
will be some kind of degradation but I
think the concern that I had I think a
lot of you guys have as well if you're
interested in an OLED based laptop I
think they should be okay I think
they're just way better than I thought
they would be considering how bad some
phones can get OLED burnin the last
announcement I want to talk about is the
new studio lineup of the razor blade so
they have a 15 inch and a 17 inch that
come in mercury white and so I'm someone
who's interested in this product line
because I like the color I obviously
like razor blades but there's something
about the way the I mean this is more
invidious announcement more than razors
I mean Nvidia launched this studio
laptop lineup which is kind of cool a
bunch of companies are making these
studio laptops razors one of them MSI
Acer I'm sure I'm missing a half a dozen
of them but a bunch of companies are
making laptops geared towards creators
and I get it
it's cool you know obviously as a person
who creates things on the internet I
like I prefer using Windows laptops for
my stuff because they just have better
performance and I think that's one of
the angles are going for like they're
comparing it with Apple's new MacBook
Pros and they're just saying that
geforce and Quadro based devices are
just crushing the MacBook Pros and it
kinds of performance but it's it's
strange to me that in videos doing it
like they've never made a big deal about
their Quattro and just kind of studio
based products before but I mean as long
as you understand what you're buying
like not everyone's gonna benefit from
quadrille cards understand what you're
using the hardware for before you
purchase anything because
a lot of people the regular GeForce GPUs
are actually better than the Quadro
stuff and it's a little bit cheaper
obviously if you're doing stuff like
workstation graphics or 3d stuff that
can benefit from Quattro go for it but
for a lot of creatives myself included
GeForce is the better option okay hope
you guys enjoyed this video thumbs we
liked it subs if you loved it see you
guys next time